Update titles and descriptions for SEO and style guide (#798)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/plugin/code-generation/index.mdx

---
page_title: Code generation
description: >-

>   Provider code generation tools generate boilerplate code for your Terraform
>   providers. earn about the interface, tooling, and libraries that are available
>   to support code generation of Terraform Providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Generate boilerplate code for your Terraform providers. Learn about the interface, tooling, and available libraries.
```
